Add unexpected_responses.js script (#240)
zaproxy/community-scripts: CHANGELOG.md

- active/Cross Site WebSocket Hijacking.js > an active scan for Cross-Site WebSocket Hijacking vulnerability
- targeted/cve-2021-22214.js > A targeted script to check for Unauthorised SSRF on GitLab - CVE 2021-22214
- httpsender/full-session-n-csrf-nashorn.js > full session and csrf token management.

> - httpfuzzerprocessor/unexpected_responses.js > compare response codes to regex whitelist/blacklist and generate alerts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- httpfuzzerprocessor/unexpected_responses.js > compare response codes to (a pass/fail) regex and generate alerts
```

Author: I made this edit very slightly differently "...a (pass/fail) regex..."
